# New features in v2

## bottom tabs

Navigate between search, popular tags, faves, and history in a single tap
via the bottom tab.

## history

A list of your most recently viewed tags, in case you want to sing that one
tag from the last afterglow that you didn't favorite. It takes a few seconds
of viewing the sheet music for a tag to get entered in the history, so you can
scroll through tags in the sheet music view with the up/down arrows without
every tag getting stored.

## auto-rotate

On phones, tag lists look better in portrait and sheet music looks better
in landscape. In v2, by default, goodtags does this rotation for you.
You can turn off auto-rotate in the options screen. There's also an option
to increase the auto-rotate delay if you like the feature but find it
glitchy on your phone.

## serif font

I think the serif font gives v2 a certain panache, but if you don't like
it you can turn it off in the options screen.

## haptics

These are on by default on iOS (which has built-in haptics) and off by default
on Android (which emulates haptics with a buzz). I like getting a little
tangible feedback at certain times, but I heard from a couple of Android users
that they didn't like the buzz. You can turn haptics on or off on the options screen.

## "g" easter egg

The "g" icon which opens the drawer nav also plays a G if you long-press it.
This is to help make up for the [missing pitchpipe](./FAQ.md). The G is actually quicker to
get to than the pitchpipe in v1, it's right there when you open the app! And
if you have a G, you can get to any note, right?

## sorting options

Tap the + icon in the upper right of each tag list to see new sorting options specific to that list.

## link to tracks creator

If you've ever wondered who recorded the learning tracks for a tag, there's
now a link to their website (if provided) in the tag info dialog (sheet music / + icon / tag info).

## labels aren't automatically favorites

In v1, adding a label to a tag made it a favorite. In v2, labels are separate
from favorites -- although you still access them from the faves tab.

## reorder labels

You can now tap and drag labels to reorder them in the "edit labels" screen.

## unlimited faves and labels

To work with cloud sync, v1 imposed a limit on the number of favorites or labels
allowed. Now that [cloud sync is no more](./FAQ.md), there are no limits. Go crazy! But back up your phone.

## search for 5-part tags

For those awkward moments at the afterglow when you've got a 5th wheel.
